MAN:
♪ Two... two. three... ♪
♪ ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Good news. everyone!
Well? What is it?
What is what?
Oh! Right!
Ladies and gentlemen.
we'll be delivering
this mysterious crate
to Peebles Alpha.
Peebles Alpha?
The planet of gangs.
thugs and hustlers?
Ooh! Let's go!
Let's go! Let's go!
Hang on. If we're delivering
a package to criminals.
I want to know
what's in it.
I have no idea. Leela.
But I'll tell you
the same thing they told me:
Stop asking questions.
old man.
and we'll slip you
an extra five grand
that your crew doesn't
need to know about.
(grunting with effort)
Now. listen carefully.
This planet is controlled
by two rival gangs.
The Blips and the Cruds.
You can tell them apart
by their colors. red and blue.
Which gang's red.
and which gang's blue?
Both!
The delivery is going
to the Blips.
so when you meet them.
you'll want to be wearing these jerseys.
Not these jerseys.
'Cause if you're wearing these.
you'll be killed on the spot.
Okay.
here are your jerseys.
No. wait.
Here.
No. Wait...
(exciting music playing)
Does anyone else find
this delivery suspicious?
Nope. He's too dumb.
and I don't care.
Well. I'm smart.
and I care too much.
I want to know
what's in that crate.
But we're not
allowed to open it!
I know that!
Go get me a crowbar.
Please. use mine.
I just need it in case.
uh...
Fry gets his head stuck
in a pot of honey.
And in the meantime.
if I should happen
to bump into the crate
and open it...
whoopsie!
(grunting)
BENDER: Hey. Leela.
Fry got his head stuck in a pot of honey!
Oh. bother.
Not now!
(grunting)
(grunting. clanking. clattering)
- (gasping)
- What is it?
Alcohol? Tobacco?
Firearms?
- Firearms!
- That's the one I was secretly hoping for.
I'm okay with
most kinds of violence.
but not gang violence.
Before we deliver these weapons.
we're going to disable them
so they can never be used.
- Bender. bend the barrels.
- But I love guns!
Then pretend
they're little human necks.
What?! Let me at 'em!
(grunting)
(dramatic music playing)
(whirring)
A lot of ships get stolen
on this planet.
so. Bender.
stay here and stand guard.
Okay.
I hope I never see you again.
FRY: Uh. I don't like the looks
of this gang-infested neighborhood.
There might be spiders!
We must have made
a wrong turn.
We should have reached
Blip turf by now.
You think we walked
straight out of Blipton?
Wait. there's some Blips.
- (gasps)
- (grunts)
LEELA: Those aren't Blips!
They're Cruds!
They have the red on the left.
Oh. no!
What should we do?
(gasps) Leela. this is no time
to show me your boobs!
Turn your jersey inside out.
Oh. Show me again.
(muffled grunting)
Yo. what you doing
on our turf?
Chill. dawg.
Ain't no thang.
We Cruds.
Well. we Blips.
and we over here.
We put up that mirror 'cause
this is a blind intersection.
It's considerably reduced
the number of accidents.
It don't do nothing
for the murder rate. though.
Now get down on your knees
so we can blow
your Crud brains out!
(yelling)
Um. Leela. remember
when we were trying to guess
what would happen if
someone stuck a gun in my face.
and you said
I'd probably crap my pants?
- Well...
- Excuse me. sir?
We're not actually
Blips or Cruds.
We're delivery people.
here to deliver this crate.
So if everything seems
to be in order.
we'll be
on our way. a'ight?
Oh. it's far from a'ight.
MAN: Now. hold up!
It's a'ight. all right?
It's a Crud.
and he's got a gun!
Yo. you just shot your own
reflection in the mirror.
It was self-defense.
We are the Cruds.
but we're over here.
And don't shoot.
That crate is a gift from us.
- BOTH: What?!
- For real?
There's been enough violence
on these streets.
Too many lives and mirrors
have been shattered.
So. yo. we sent you a crate
of weapons as a sign of trust.
Together. we can use them
to rid our streets
of the real enemy:
- Giant spiders.
- I knew it!
Man.
that's a nice gesture.
We accept your
offer of peace.
Let's just have a look
at these top-quality weapons.
I'll test it out
on that innocent bystander.
Ow!
Yo. you just
shot yourself again!
It's a trick!
Get 'em!
(clamoring)
- Ow.
- Oh.
(screaming)
(gunfire. groaning
and yelling)
(gunfire. groans
and yelling stop)
(dramatic music playing)
Look. let's just agree
that gang violence
is an important issue
with no easy answers.
- Okay.
- Anyway. the ship's still here.
- And nothing was stolen.
- BENDER: Yeah it was!
I got bot-jacked!
- (both gasp)
- All I have left is my cigar.
Wait...
(stammers. groans)
BENDER: They stole everything
except my mouth and eyes.
I guess they didn't like
all my screaming and winking.
It's just lucky
Bender had a RoJack installed.
When I activate it. the police
should be able to locate him.
(switch clicks. computer blips)
FEMALE VOICE (echoing):
Locating. Locating.
MALE VOICE:
Located.
(siren wailing)
It's a robot chop shop.
That's some
primordial evil.
This skell here buys
stolen robots. strips 'em down.
and sells the parts
all over the galaxy.
- (scanner beeping)
- Okay.
I'm getting a signal
from Bender's RoJack.
(beeping)
Naw.
it's just a piece of junk.
That's not junk!
That's Bender's head!
My head?!
Slap me upside it!
Ah. home. sweet head.
That's it?
Where's the rest of him?
All other parts sold.
But I have list of buyers.
You drop charges.
I give you list.
No dice.
Justice don't work that way.
Wait. Wait. What if I throw in giant
robot head for nice officer?
Hmm...
Thanks for
all your help. Officer!
My pleasure.
(whirring)
Boy. Bender. you sure were
chock full of parts.
I didn't even know
you had a wishbone.
I had a lot
of magic things.
And we'll never get them
all back.
Oh. sure we will.
If we live a really long time.
Let's get started.
(upbeat music playing)
(door creaks open.
chimes tinkling)
Come in. come in.
Close the door.
You're letting the smut out.
BENDER:
All right. buddy.
We know for a fact
that you received a stolen item.
A certain sensitive part
of my anatomy.
What. you mean your antenna?
Shh!
Watch your language.
This ain't a church. lady.
Except for tax purposes.
Anyway. I can't help you.
One of my customers already
bought your friend's antenna.
Oh. excuse me. robo-dong.
Who was it?
Can you give us a name?
Certainly not.
I could never betray
a customer's privacy.
All I can give you is
this naked picture of him
taken from my toilet cam.
I'll get right
to the point. Senator.
You purchased our friend's...
(clears her throat)
(whispering) ...antenna.
We'd like it back.
SENATOR: You may have it.
I'm through with it.
It has done everything
and everyone imaginable.
You may want to
get it disinfected.
Can do.
(belches)
(laughs)
(techno music throbbing)
(door creaks open)
♪ ♪
Sorry. guys. I'm gonna have
to confiscate your keg.
It's my body.
Oh. come on. Bender!
Can you at least
wait till it's empty?
Fair enough.
Fry. beer me.
(gulping)
(sighs)
It's empty!
(clicking)
I'm 40% back. baby!
(jaunty music playing on piano)
Sorry. but these robot arms
have brought me
nothing but luck...
with the cards...
(whirring)
And with the ladies.
(gasps)
Sir!
But those are my arms!
That's Gropey.
and that's Cheaty.
- Cheaty?!
- (guns cock)
(dramatic music playing)
Now. gentlemen.
I'm sure we can...
MAN: Oh!
Well. then. I'll just collect
my winnings and be on my...
- Oh!
- (guns cock)
(Fry grunts)
Much obliged.
All right. Tinny.
your double leg transplant is complete.
What do you say
you give 'em a try?
(gentle. uplifting
music playing)
It's a miracle!
I can walk!
(clinking)
No more crutch
or withered leg!
Someone's sure
to adopt me now!
Well. Bender. I guess you
won't be getting your legs back.
But your sacrifice
will let an innocent child
live a full and happy life.
- (saw buzzing)
- (rattling. clanking)
I'm sorry.
You were saying something?
Oh. crumb. I guess it's back
to the cart for me.
(grunts with effort)
Ooh. nice cart.
Hey.
this thing's pretty smooth.
Eh. but I still
prefer walking.
Well. we did it.
We got all
Bender's parts back.
Wrong as always. Fry!
I'm still missing the shiniest
metal piece of all.
- Your thyroid?
- No! I'm talking about my ass!
Huh. I never even knew
you had an ass.
(sputtering. stammering)
Hmm.
According to this.
it shipped
out on a freighter
from South Street
Spaceport.
Oh. yes.
I remember that ass.
Let's see...
Oh. God. no!
It was on board
the Floatwell!
(gasps)
The ship that sank
in that horrible
space storm?
Yes. I'm afraid your friend's
derriere is lost forever
in the depths
of the Sargaseous Sea.
My ass!
Sweet love of my life!
Several hundred people
died. too. including my wife.
My ass!
I'm sorry. buddy.
Maybe we can get
you a new one.
Never!
My ass is my soul mate.
It even has
its own hind-brain.
- Really? Your butt can think?
- No.
But it can feel.
And right now.
it's hind-heartbroken!
Just like me!
(sobbing)
Wow. Bender.
this is really important
to you. isn't it?
(crying)
Uh-huh.
Okay. we're gonna
find that shipwreck
and get you your
backside back.
(stops crying)
Okay. let's go.
(engine whooshing)
The ship carrying
Bender's heinie
sank in the treacherous gases
of the Sargaseous Sea.
Once we locate the wreck...
(screams)
Asteroids!
(dramatic music playing)
LEELA: Curse this
interstellar fog.
Why isn't there a lighthouse
to guide us away from the rocks?
I don't know. but look out
for that lighthouse!
(all scream)
(lighthouse keeper panting)
(all groaning)
So you're alive. are ye?
(groans)
I suppose you'll be wanting
to keep your tooth fillin's.
- Are ye hurt?
- No. but we could use a hug.
Better come inside then.
Name's Tarquin.
Been alone here.
tending this light.
- longer'n I can remember.
- (bell dings)
That'll be my Cup-a-Soup.
It's been microwavin'
longer'n I can remember.
This is a dangerous coast.
We didn't see your light
until it was too late.
No beam can pierce
that devilish mist.
Shipwrecks be so common.
I make a good livin'
out of whatever washes ashore.
Found me
a whole Blue Man Group once.
So you have two jobs?
More. I also salvage
the wrecks with my bathysphere.
and I'm a butcher.
if you like blue meat.
Sounds good.
but about that bathysphere.
We want to salvage
a cargo ship that sank
carrying this
robot's rear end.
Aye. I'll help ye
for a cut of the booty.
Now. when you say
"a cut of the booty"...
I mean a percentage of the value
of the recovered goods.
Now be gettin' some rest.
The booty call is at daybreak.
(dramatic music playing)
(Tarquin panting)
(grunting)
(hissing)
(screaming)
TARQUIN (over radio): Those sound like
one-eyed corpse screams.
Oh. I wish I was down there
with ye.
Let's not forget
that this shipwreck
is also the final resting place
of this brave captain.
Place your bets.
Whee!
BENDER: (gasps)
That's it. I'm sure!
I can tell by the
words on the crate!
(Bender grunts)
Oh. my beloved.
You complete me.
(thunder crashing)
Hurry on inside now.
Storm's a-brewin'.
I can feel it
in my Weather Channel app.
(phone buzzing)
(thunder continues)
Soon the sea will be belchin'
her dead upon the shore.
If ye like your shoes unmatched
and with feet still in 'em.
this is your night.
(whirring)
Can't you make the beacon
any brighter?
Nay. 'tis already
the brightest object
in the known universe.
and even so.
it can't be seen three feet
away in a storm like this.
(eerie music playing)
I thought we were
near the rocks.
but I don't see
the lighthouse.
so everything is fine
and we can relax.
All hands on deck
for mojitos.
The important thing is
I got my final piece back.
Hey. Fry.
take a picture of me
biting my own
shiny metal ass.
I'd be honored.
(camera shutter clicking)
(sighs) You muddled the mint
well. Alejandro.
- The lighthouse! Dead ahead!
- Aye!
(camera shutter
continues clicking)
Well. I'm sure
Bender's fanny is tired.
As soon as this storm passes.
let's be on our way.
(radio static)
Sargaseous lighthouse.
this is
the S.S. Miami Muy Caliente.
Thank you
for your glorious beacon.
It saved our lives
and our Saturday night.
Adios.
(Caribbean music playing)
Your aft-plate.
Its fiery gleam saved a ship
full of South Beach swabbies.
Well. I do polish it
every day.
and I sleep in
a chamois diaper.
It's a hundred times
more reflective
than the mirror in my beacon.
Might I keep it
for the lighthouse?
What?! No!
But. Bender. your buttocks
could save lives.
I hate lives!
These are sailors' lives.
Bender.
Think of the untold cursing
that would be lost
to future generations.
Could you live with that?
(crying)
You know the answer.
you scurvy bastard!
Maybe I have been selfish.
hiding my ass under a bushel.
Perhaps.
like all great men.
my ass has a destiny.
and if it does.
I can't stand in its way.
(whirring slows to a stop)
(thunder crashing)
(whirring)
(somber music playing)
Bender. come join us.
We're watching Rear Window.
I used to stick my rear
out the window.
If you prefer.
we could watch Behind the Music.
My behind
used to make music.
Backdraft is on.
Even my ass
wouldn't watch that.
Bender. I'm proud of you
for the sacrifice you made.
Try and find solace in the fact
that somewhere out there.
your keister is doing good.
(somber music playing)
Well. my shiny friend.
yer days of carousin' are over.
but yer nights of endless.
monotonous rotatin'
have just begun.
Now what say I read you
a nice passage
from the scripture to help you
forget yer old master?
"In the sanctuary. he made
two cherubim of olive-wood.
each ten cubits high.
(echoing) And one wing
measured five cubits.
and the other wing measured
five cubits; from the tip..."
(gasps)
Oh. no! Our son Johnny
fell down the gravity well!
JOHNNY: Thank you. Assie.
(somber music playing)
(knocking)
(door opens)
Bender.
it's for you.
(gasps)
Assie?
Oh. Assie.
you came home!
You came home.
(glass breaking.
debris clattering)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm